feat: add an example for js_image_layer (#249)
aspect-build/rules_js: e2e/js_image/README.md

# An example/e2e for rules_js + rules_docker

> `js_image_layer.bzl` helper contains some logic to make rules_docker, pkg_tar and rules_js work together.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`js_image_layer.bzl` helper contains logic to make rules_docker, pkg_tar and rules_js work together.
```

## Fine-grained layering

> `js_image_layer` is a macro that yields two tar files `:<name>/app.tar` and `:<name>/node_modules.tar` which helps to speed things up by splitting files into two layers. While `app.tar` contains your code, `node_modules.tar` contains your third-party dependencies.

Reviewer: Try to avoid language like "your", and make technical documentation less personal.

```suggestion
`js_image_layer` is a macro that yields two tar files `:<name>/app.tar` and `:<name>/node_modules.tar`. This increases performance by splitting files into two layers. While `app.tar` contains first-party sources, `node_modules.tar` contains all third-party dependencies.
```

Perhaps add _why_ this helps improve perf?

> More specifically, when one adds a new dependency, then only `node_modules.tar` will change and one will only have to push changes to dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More specifically, when a new third-party dependency is added, then only `node_modules.tar` will change and one will only have to push changes to dependencies.
```

Additionally, we get a `100%` efficiency score which means there are no duplicate or `whiteout` files to waste space.

## Selecting the right NodeJS interpreter

By default `js_binary` gets the nodejs interpreter for the host platform. However, this is not the case when including the js_binary in container_image thanks to transitions. See [#3373](https://github.com/bazelbuild/rules_nodejs/pull/3373) and [#1963](https://github.com/bazelbuild/rules_docker/pull/1963) for how this works.

Toolchain selection is controlled by `operating_system` and `architecture` attribute on `container_image` which is `linux/amd64` by default.

NodeJS interpreter for a different platform can be obtained by changing `operating_system` and `architecture`.

Here is what the final image looks like when the platform is `linux/arm64`

app
|-- main.sh
|-- main.sh.runfiles
| |-- **main**
| | |-- main.sh
| | |-- node*modules
| | | `-- chalk -> /app/main.sh.runfiles/__main__/node_modules/.aspect_rules_js/chalk@4.1.2/node_modules/chalk | | `-- src
| | |-- ascii.art

> | | `-- main.js | |-- aspect_rules_js | | `-- js

Reviewer 2: Did some lines get merged together here? It's not clear to me how to interpret this.

It gets squished further in the rendered output:
<img width="1399" alt="Screen Shot 2022-07-25 at 3 25 01 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/98601/180884193-b6d0fe3e-f25d-40af-86ce-9c98b504524b.png">

Reviewer 3: Looks like they did yeah.

@thesayyn is going to bump this rule up to the public API in a follow-up PR and it will make the 1.0.0 release so that it doesn't have to be copy-pasted into user land everywhere.
